We have finished part of our task where we have the number that we cannot see right now.
Why don't we set up everything with JavaScript.
And just as a disclaimer if you have never worked with JavaScript I'm not gonna be covering this in
detail because literally you need to go for separate course just to get up with like some kind of basics
or something like that.
And my solution would be again I'm gonna write the code.
This is gonna be like five six lines of code.
And then if you have any issues.
Again as always you have access to the source code and that way what you can do is you can just say
OK.
So you can copy and paste it.
And if something doesn't match you can just get a whole source code meaning you can get the whole folder
with JavaScript already setup.
Now that being said what I would like to be doing is creating the new JavaScript file.
And for this I'm going to go back to my roots and I'm going to say up.
And Heroes is going to first target some ideas now before maybe with target the ideas that I would like
to also set up in the style C assess the actual class.
There's going to be controlling this because at the moment or not Barra's hard core right now the class
here and I can name this what our like but I'm just gonna name the show NAV.
Now what this show now is gonna do is that instead of transforming it negative on our percent or 100
percent we can just do it the other way where we can say transform and transformation is going to be
very simple of translate X and we're gonna set this equal to zero something already we have done already
previously but in this case obviously we're working with some kind of animation we're hovering or something
like that.
Now we're gonna be working on javascript where at the moment we're gonna click on the button.
Then this class is gonna be added to the number and then obviously since the order matters first the
order is going to be negative hundred and then we're gonna overwrite this by the zero and then the moment
will then open up the number we all gonna remove this class by clicking x.
And again we're gonna go back to 100 percent.
So let's say here first I would like to select them all and there's gonna be three actors in our scene.
The first one is gonna be now.
Button then this obviously is gonna have a I.D..
So I'm gonna be looking for document.
And again my apologies but I'm not gonna be spending too much time on this because this is out of the
scope of this course.
So this is just to get you up and running with these buttons were metal.
We're not going to be covering what are the variables or what is document get element by Eddie because
you can do that in the javascript course.
So I'd say get element by I.D. and we're gonna call this nav button.
So that's gonna be my first one.
And you know what I do want to close the sidebar because it's gonna be easier to see and I'm gonna copy
paste it.
Now the second guy is gonna be the number and I'm gonna be targeting the idea of now more so let's say
no more.
In a nutshell what we're doing is we're targeting we're getting these elements and then we're gonna
like to add some kind of uh event listener to it.
And here the last one is gonna be NAF closed.
So that is gonna be within the number.
I'm going to again call this nav close and the I.D. if I'm still remembering correctly was also nav
close so we have selected the three actors in our little scene and what else we're gonna be having.
Well now I'd like to add the event listener so I'm going to say now button since I have already selected
my button and I'm going to say nav button I would like to add a listener and the avowed event listener
is going to be click here we're gonna write a function.
Now I'm going to use the euro function here.
I'm gonna say that within the area of function.
Now I'd like to target the number and I would like to add the class of show now.
Now what was the add of class of show love where this translated back to the normal state not normal
state was on a small screen covering the whole thing and on the bigger one it's just gonna be spanning
like 20 or 30 of you.
So here we can just say like this one and say nav bar class list we're going to be adding the class
name is gonna be show now.
So this is gonna be a setup that's gonna be the first thing.
And now it may copy and pasted and with the close button we're gonna do the opposite.
Let me say here now button not button but nav close and I would like to remove.
So instead of hiring we all just gonna write to remove and hopefully this is gonna work out so we can
either just drill here on a small one and it's not working.
And the reason why it's not working is because we also need to go back to indexation amount since we
have created the objectors.
We also need to link it.
So in this case we're going to head over to the body.
We're gonna say that we need to use the script the same how used for remains.
Yes yes we're styling we need to use for JavaScript and I'm going to call this up jazz.
Hopefully this is gonna work.
Now we're going to refresh the page and obviously I can see the number because on a click on a button
and what happens is I'm adding and removing that class and the moment I'm going to click this guy then
the class is gonna be removed while you want to see it a little bit more an example meaning in maybe
a little bit more detail we can again refresh maybe we can click on inspect.
We already know we can go for browser tools.
And now what happens is first I would like to look for a number.
So notice I have the NAV and now has what class of Nambour and then I'm gonna be targeting this number.
The moment I'm gonna click it you'll notice that the show nav class is gonna be added to that network.
Check this out.
Now I have never with the class of show of no what is the class of show number.
Well this is this translating.
You can also see it actually.
Here we can see that.
Let's say for a number I'm going to click on a number I have right now.
What.
Well I have this translate but the moment as I'm clicking on them first of all I have the translate
by hundred.
But the moment we click it this is being removed because we are adding this class and in a nutshell
this is how we're gonna be able to add the our functionality for our number.
And again if you got stuck or something or anything like that please head over to resources and just
download the code that everything is already set up for you.